they're finally here
eighth generation gaming laptops these
are all running the coffee leak age
processors
8750 h these are six core CPUs that are
a significant step up in performance
over the previous like seventh
generation the one you guys probably
most familiar with is the 7700 to HQ
that's like the one that's been on every
single gaming laptop that's at the high
end
traditionally gaming laptops have been
capped up to 4 cores just that's just
the way it's been for years and these
are now six core so it's a 50% increase
in cores and pretty much a 50% increase
in performance when it comes to
multi-core applications and I'm gonna
focus this video on the 8750 H and it's
the processor you're gonna see in a lot
of the gaming and high performance
laptops are gonna come out over the
course of the year now this CPU has 6
cores 12 threads 45 watt TDP with some
really nice clock speeds keep in mind
that that turbo clock is only for a
single core but these are some really
fast CPUs okay so we're in some
benchmarks and these all have actually
very similar performance when it comes
to CPU performance but I kind of took an
average to come up with these numbers so
the first one I ran was Geekbench and it
isn't a great benchmark but any means
but because of how easy it is to get you
can just kind of download it and run it
to see how your system compares to these
ones the next benchmark is from 3dmark
it's their fire strike physics core and
we're looking at a pretty sizable bump
up from the previous generation of CPUs
and then I ran Cinebench this is a
better benchmark and you can see a
pretty big increase in performance
compared to the 7700 ehq from last
generation we're talking like a 50%
boost in multi-core performance so for
content creators that can be huge in
Premiere Pro my render times are way
faster with my 5k footage like 40%
faster it's sick when it comes to gaming
the majority of games are much more
dependent on the GPU than they are on a
CPU that being said there are some
developers and I think we'll be seeing
more and more developers that put a
bigger emphasis on CPU optimization like
having just better optimized code for a
higher core count and as an example pub
G was one of those games that had an
update last year that optimized for six
core CPUs or six core in higher CPUs and
comparing benchmarks you can see that
there is a step-up in performance you're
not gonna see massive gains when it
comes to regular gameplay but if you're
someone who's
dreams or if you record gameplay footage
while you play then those extra two
cores will be really nice now the
temperatures on these things are pretty
much the same like every laptop is gonna
be different obviously depending on the
thermal design but comparing it on the
Aero 15 X which has a very similar
thermal design to the previous one the
temperatures look pretty much the same
as a previous generation so all three of
these laptops are running these new six
core CPUs the Intel coffee like age
processors and they're all they're all
really really good I'm gonna be doing
individual reviews for all of them
they all have their strengths and
weaknesses but the bottom line is this
if your application or your workflow can
take advantage of multi-core processing
these CPUs are freaking phenomenal I
thought they would be good but they're
really really good
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it subs if you loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]